
Many things to do here:


Administrative: 

1) Add proper licenses and/or copies to this package to satisfy (if necessary) 
   GPL and weaker (open source) licensing requirements for when distributing.


Code:

1) It is difficult to find results to compare with in the literature, since most 
   papers report "phase matrix elements" which are further orientationally averaged. We need to figure
   out how to compute these elements. A good starting point is section 24 of the  DDSCAT 
   users guide [1], which gives a fair amount of explanation of how to go from T-matrix elements to 
   non-averaged phase matrix elements. Section 25  describes averaging. Ultimately, we want to compute these phase matrix elements 
   and also orientational averages.   

2) v0.3 implements only a monochromatic plane wave traveling in the +z direction, linearly polarized along the x-direction,
   as the incoming source. Allow polarization and direction to be input by the user. 

3) Provide instructions for proper usage of zshift. 

4) Clean up and improve I/O implementation.

5) Implement proper deallocation of objects after T cycle.

6) Report start/end times, timing from various routines. 

7) Capture and report specific exceptions from Eigen linear algebra solve routines.

8) Modify code such that various dielectric structures can be selected at run-time.



Theory:

1) In the formalism developed by Johnson, he makes a guess as to the value of the free space dyadic greens function evaluated 
   at r=r', essentially taking the average of the r->r' and r'->r values. The full theory for these Green's functions is given by 
   Chen-to Tai's book [2], many sections I have read thoroughly. The reason that Tai did not include the r=r' value is that the Green's function
   is evaluated as a contour integral in the k complex plane, with a standard "great arc" path, but which depends on the damping factor 

   exp(-(r-r')k), in order that the integral vanish on the arc as it goes to infinity. When r=r', there is no damping and the integral 
   cannot be evaluated this way. I believe there is another method to evaluate the integral 
   (method to deal with the singular behavior at r=r'). I would then try to check the result by doing a simple problem, like
   the sphere of constant dielectric, with the Green's function, doing it analytically as far as possible, and comparing with analytical results
   from the boundary condition method.



References:

[1] User Guide for the Discrete Dipole Approximation Code DDSCAT 7.2, Bruce Draine and Piotr Flatau.
    http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.3424

[2] Dyadic Greens Functions in Electromagnetic Theory, 2nd Edition, 1994, Chen-To Tai.



    
